it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/StatoOrdine.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.StatoOrdine
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Utente/Utente.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Utente.Utente
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/LockerInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.LockerInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/Armadietto.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.Armadietto
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/App.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.App
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Pagamento/PagamentoInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Pagamento.PagamentoInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/CorriereInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.CorriereInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/ListaCorrieri.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.ListaCorrieri
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Prodotto.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Prodotto
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/OrdineInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.OrdineInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/CommercianteInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.CommercianteInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/ClienteInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.ClienteInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Promozioni.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Promozioni
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/Corriere.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.Corriere
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/Locker.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.Locker
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Pagamento/Pagamento.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Pagamento.Pagamento
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/Carrello.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.Carrello
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Commerciante.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Commerciante
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/DBLocale.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.DBLocale
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/Cliente.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.Cliente
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/Ordine.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.Ordine
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/ListaLockers.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.ListaLockers
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/ListaNegozi.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.ListaNegozi
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Negozio.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Negozio
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/ListaClienti.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.ListaClienti
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/ListaOrdini.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.ListaOrdini
