it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/Carrello.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.Carrello
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/ListaCarrello.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.ListaCarrello
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/LockerInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.LockerInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Commerciante.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Commerciante
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/AggiungiPromozioneController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.AggiungiPromozioneController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/Ordine.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.Ordine
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/database/DBLocale.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.database.DBLocale
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/CercaProdottoController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.CercaProdottoController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/App.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.App
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/ListaClienti.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.ListaClienti
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/locker/vistaLockerController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.locker.vistaLockerController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/CorriereInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.CorriereInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/gestisciPromozioniController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.gestisciPromozioniController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/ListaCorrieri.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.ListaCorrieri
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/CreaOrdineController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.CreaOrdineController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/corriere/vistaCorriereController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.corriere.vistaCorriereController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/Cliente.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.Cliente
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/CommercianteInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.CommercianteInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/GestisciCarrelloController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.GestisciCarrelloController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/corriere/VisualizzaOrdiniController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.corriere.VisualizzaOrdiniController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Clienti/ClienteInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Clienti.ClienteInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/commercianteController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.commercianteController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/VisualizzaNegoziCommController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.VisualizzaNegoziCommController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/ClienteController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.ClienteController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Corriere/Corriere.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Corriere.Corriere
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/Locker.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.Locker
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/VisualizzaPromozioneController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.VisualizzaPromozioneController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/LoginController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.LoginController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/ListaNegozi.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.ListaNegozi
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/locker/RitiraPaccoLocker.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.locker.RitiraPaccoLocker
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/commerciante/statisticheNegozioController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.commerciante.statisticheNegozioController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/StatoOrdine.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.StatoOrdine
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/ListaOrdini.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.ListaOrdini
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/JAVAFXmain.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.JAVAFXmain
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/OrdiniCheckController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.OrdiniCheckController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/Armadietto.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.Armadietto
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Autenticazione/GestoreAutenticazione.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Autenticazione.GestoreAutenticazione
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Lockers/ListaLockers.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Lockers.ListaLockers
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/ListaCommercianti.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.ListaCommercianti
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Negozio.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Negozio
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Promozioni.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Promozioni
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Ordini/OrdineInterface.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Ordini.OrdineInterface
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Vista/cliente/AggiungiCreditoController.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Vista.cliente.AggiungiCreditoController
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Autenticazione/UtenteSenzaAccesso.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Autenticazione.UtenteSenzaAccesso
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Esercente/Prodotto.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Esercente.Prodotto
it/unicam/cs/ids/c3/model/Utente/Utente.java
 it.unicam.cs.ids.c3.model.Utente.Utente
